===========
Basic Usage
===========
An overview of the basic use cases of Typhon

Display Creation
================
Typhon interprets the internal structure of the ``ophyd.Device`` to create the
`PyDM` user interface, so the most intuitive way to configure the created
display is to include things in the device itself. This also has the advantage
of keeping your Python API and display in sync, making the transition from
using screens to using an IPython shell seamless.

Take for instance the built-in ``ophyd.EpicsMotor`` class, we can do a quick
survey of what the default ``read`` and ``configuration`` attributes are:

.. ipython:: python

    import ophyd

    ophyd.EpicsMotor._default_read_attrs

    ophyd.EpicsMotor._default_configuration_attrs


These ``read`` and ``configuration`` attributes can always be changed when the
device is instantiated.  However, this is only a small subset of the signals
that are associated with the class.

.. ipython:: python

   ophyd.EpicsMotor._sig_attrs

Now, at first glance it may not be obvious, but there is a lot of information
here! We have a Python abstraction capable of instantiating a number of useful
EPICS signals based on a given ``prefix``. We know which of these signals an
operator will want to control and which ones are purely meant to be read back.
We also have these signals grouped by their importance to operation, each with
a terse human legible description of what the PV represents.

Typhon takes advantage of this to generate a concise PyDM user display. The
:class:`.DeviceDisplay` uses the signal groups; ``read_attrs``,
``configuration_attrs`` and ``hints`` to generate plots and widgets based on
the type and class of EPICSSignals. In order to best select the widget types,
:class:`.DeviceDisplay` attempts to connect to all of the PVs listed. If this
is not possible, there are ways to manually configure which widget will be
used. Simply invoke your device and then create your ``PyDMApplication`` and
widget

.. code:: python
 
   import pydm

   from typhon import DeviceDisplay

   app = pydm.PyDMApplication()

   dg1_m1 = EpicsMotor('MFX:DG1:MMS:01', name="DG1 M1")

   typhon_display = DeviceDisplay(dg1_m1)

   typhon_display.show()

   app.exec_()

Typhon also watches for trees of devices, for instance, if we wanted to
represent a stack of three EPICS motors as a single object.

.. code:: python
   
   from ophyd import EpicsMotor, Device, Component as C

   class XYZStage(Device):

        # Define three separate motor axes 
        x = C(EpicsMotor, ":MMS:01", name= 'X Positioner')
        y = C(EpicsMotor, ":MMS:02", name= 'Y Positioner')
        z = C(EpicsMotor, ":MMS:03", name= 'Z Positioner')

        # Define basic read attributes
        _default_read_attrs = ['x.user_readback', 'y.user_readback',
                               'z.user_readback', 'x.user_setpoint',
                               'y.user_setpoint', 'z.user_setpoint']

        @property
        def hints(self):
            return ['x.readback', 'y.readback', 'z.readback']

Typhon will show the top level features of the class, but still allow the
operator to view lower level details as they see fit. This allows for the
representation of complex devices with nested structures in clean consistent
user displays. 

Making Modifications
====================
